But seriously, seriously, this could be
the start of something huge because
right now Bitcoin is actually flipping
our first local resistance into support.
We're up $23,000 on this juicy long
trade given in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord on June 25th. And we have some
very interesting signals printing on the
oscillator right now looking extremely
bottomed out. And locally, we've
officially made a higher high breaking
out and back testing this key resistance
at around $61,000. And that is actually
the first local sign of strength that we
want to see in order to potentially get
a move up to $67,000. And will we
possibly see $67,000 flipping to support
and give us a move up toward the
mid-70s? This is a very real possibility
right now if the following things
happen. So, make sure to stick around,
pay attention to the end of the video
because I'm going to be sharing with you
exactly how I am trading this, what I'm
looking for. I'm currently up right now
$26,000
on this long trade given in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord. I'm up another $14,000
on this other trade over on BitBase. By
the way, guys, BitBase link in the
pinned comment in the description is
giving away $500
a week. All you need to do to be
eligible is sign up using my link. And
if you sign up, not only are you
eligible for a $500 giveaway every
single week, but you're also going to
enjoy VIP level 7 fees, 0.005%
limit, 0.02%
market. And speaking of great deals, I'm
also trading on KSEX which has the
lowest fees in the world, 0% limit,
0.01%
market order. It's absolutely amazing.
And I'm also trading on Antarctic
Decentralized Exchange. Totally
decentralized, a DEX, with a wonderful
user interface just like a centralized
exchange would have, a mobile app and
everything. And if you use my link, they
will gift you with secret VIP level fees
that you cannot get at all unless you
use my link. All right, so let's begin
on the weekly time frame here. Two very
important things. Thing number one is we
are currently bouncing from a major zone
of support. This is the macro 618
Fibonacci retracement from the bear
market bottom in November 2022 all the
way to our all-time high on October 6th,
2025. And what's interesting about this
also is you can see that not only are we
bouncing from that 618 Fibonacci
retracement, which by the way is one of
the most reactive Fibonacci
retracements, but we're also bouncing
from this area of very high volume. In
fact, if we analyze the volume of
Bitcoin going all the way back to
December 2020, we can see that the
highest volume node in all that time is
right here in this box. Thing number two
is this, for the first time since the
bear market bottom in November of 2022,
Market Cipher B on the weekly time frame
is printing a higher momentum wave as
the price is making a lower low.
Now, it's not confirmed yet, but this is
the first time we've had the possibility
to print one of these rare bottom
signals since the last exact bottom.
That's right. If we take a look here,
the price is making a lower low into our
key support
and Market Cipher B on the weekly time
frame, we have a deep momentum wave,
money flowing in the red, a more shallow
momentum wave forming here, strangely
resembling a set of uneven butt cheeks.
On the left side, it's big and fat, full
of gravy, ravioli, and cottage cheese.
And the right side is skinny, like that
waitress at the diner who talks like
this. She's still smoking cigarettes
inside. She's got the coily hair, the
veins popping out of her neck. She's
real skinny, you know, she's got that
Brooklyn accent. Her name's Delores. Hey
Delores. Hey Jason, hon. How you doing,
Jason, hon? Let me get you some
pancakes, Jason. You're looking skinny.
Is your mom feeding you at home, Jason?
But actually, according to this article
in the New England Journal of Medicine,
the scientific name for this pattern is
called a regular bullish divergence,
where the price forms new lows, yet the
oscillator forms higher lows. And so, we
have this bullish divergence on our
weekly time frame. As we go down lower
to the daily time frame, you can see
we've actually confirmed some juicy
green dot bullish divergences here. As
we go to our 6-hour time frame, we can
actually see that over time since the
beginning of June, not only are we
seeing bullish divergences here, but
we're actually seeing this purple money
flow getting higher, showing us that
money is actually coming into the market
here as the price is getting lower.
We're seeing bullish divergences on our
4-hour time frame. So, what does this
mean for Bitcoin? My honest opinion is
that I do not believe the bottom is in
for Bitcoin right now.
However, I do feel it's possible that a
significant bottom could be in for the
next few weeks. First of all, why don't
I think the bottom is in for Bitcoin
yet? Well, because we're still in a
downtrend, and if we look at the
historic 4-year Bitcoin cycle,
we always bottom out 365 days
after the all-time high, coming down to
the zone
around the 786 Fibonacci. It's what we
did back here in 2018, it's what we did
back here in 2022. And so, our projected
bottom time and price is coming in this
green box where we're currently tapping
into right now, but it we're expecting
around the beginning of October. And
also, we're expecting the price to
potentially get one last big dip down
just below $40,000. So, right now, the
trend is our friend, the pattern is our
friend. History doesn't repeat, but it
rhymes for the last three Bitcoin
cycles. And so, therefore, there is
nothing on the chart that's telling me
right now the bottom is in, but there
are things on the chart that are telling
me the bottom is very close, potentially
just a few months away. And combined
with all these bullish signs on the
weekly, the daily, the 6-hour, the
4-hour, we are actually seeing Bitcoin
locally start to change into bullish
market structure. We haven't actually
seen this, guys, since our high at
$67,000. What do I mean by that? Well,
ever since we came down, we formed a
really nice bottom here. We tapped into
our 618. We took some stop losses. We
formed a rounded bottom, and now we're
officially making a higher high above
these previous highs in the downtrend.
So, on our low time frames, this is
actually our first sign of strength.
Now, what do we need to see next for
Bitcoin to get more upside? Well, we
need to see a reclaim and a back test of
$62,000.
If we can get a reclaim and a back test
of $62,000, we are back inside this
range that we've been trading since the
very end of January.
And if we can actually get a move back
inside here and hold this now as
support, that is very strong. Why is
that strong? Well, because we're coming
down to multi-level
macro multi-year support. We're forming
bullish divergences. We would be forming
a nice rounded bottom. That would be a
beautiful bullish deviation below the
range with bullish divergences. And then
the probabilities would actually be
highest that we would eventually make
our way up toward the mid-70s.
So, if we can come back inside this
value area low around 62,000, and we get
a back test, then we have ourselves a
beautiful long entry. The trigger would
be losing this orange line at 62K. And
then a daily close above. The stop loss
would go below wherever we wick on that
daily candle.
And really our take profit one would
have to be around the point of control
of this range.
Around a two to one risk reward ratio,
that's actually not bad if you're
closing the whole trade. But if you want
to hold it as a swing trade, we could
potentially be looking for a six to one
risk reward ratio to come back up to the
top of the fair value zone. This is
something that's very possible. Now, of
course, before we come up to that 70
$5,000 zone,
$68,000 is going to be very important.
And here's why.
This is the macro range,
but right now we're also trading this
local range. And so we need to be
watching out if we get a come up here
and get a back test, that if we just
simply come up to
let's call it the 68-ish thousand dollar
level, and then we get a fake out of
that,
that actually would have the potential
to take us down
either to make a higher low or a lower
low. So, as we're looking for long
trades here on signs of strength, we do
need to be cautious at key areas of
support. We need to manage our risk
properly. And if you want to learn all
about that, I have a totally free
course. Go to my YouTube channel, go to
playlists, click Jason Casper free
trading course. Want to become And check
out session number two. It's eight 16
sessions totally for free. 18 sessions.
Check out the second one, how to use
risk management to become profitable.
This will teach you all about how and
when to enter a trade, what position
size to use, where to put your stop
loss, and all that good stuff for free.
So, as a trader right now, the next
trades I am personally looking for is
number one, a long trade if we break out
of here and get some kind of back test
of this. Look for a long. I would have
to be looking for either a take profit
on the long or a short or both if I see
a fake out of $67,000.
And then also, I would have to be
looking for rejections for take profits
or short trades. Number one at the value
area high at 75.5
or simply a fake out of the overall
range high. Now, I do think it's very
probable. It's actually the scenario
that I'm most interested in trading
right now
is that we do have a bullish July.
We see the price
come up to
this $82,000-ish zone up here. We get a
big fake out. Then we get the big drop
with big capitulation
heading into the fall, and that actually
gives us our bottom. That's where we're
going to see the weekly market cycle be
actually confirm the green dot. And then
eventually from that bottom, when we dip
below this last week coming into the
40s, that's when we're going to start to
see the monthly bottom form.
And that's actually when I believe all
hope will be lost, which is always the
cycle bottom. If you guys remember the
sentiment back here after FTX went down,
people were thinking it was over. So,
that's my actual preferred scenario
right here. Chill in this range for a
little bit longer. Get people ultra
bullish. Get people ultra bearish right
into our targeted cycle bottom. And then
enter into a new bull market. So guys,
that's it for this video. Make sure to
like, subscribe, click the bell, and may
God bless you all in the name of Jesus,
Yeshua the Messiah. I pray you and your
families are super blessed
in many ways. And I will see everybody
in
the next
video. Man, it's hot out here today,
guys, on this treadmill. Let me tell
you.